JP-3673: Update background-subtraction intermediate products for WFSS (#9698)
spacetelescope/jwst: docs/jwst/background_subtraction/description.rst

by the primary header keyword SCATFILE), in conjunction with a reference file
that gives the wavelength range (based on filter and grism) that is relevant
to the WFSS image. All regions of the image that are free of source spectra
are used for scaling the background reference image. The mask will be
True where there are no sources, i.e. regions where the background can be used.
This mask will be saved in the ``MASK`` extension of the intermediate output

> file (_bsub.fits), and will be accessible in the ``mask`` attribute of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
file, saved with suffix "bsub", and will be accessible in the ``mask`` attribute of the
```

> output datamodel. The step argument``wfss_mmag_extract`` can be used, if

Reviewer: ```suggestion
output datamodel. 

The step argument``wfss_mmag_extract`` can be used, if
```

desired, to set the minimum (faintest) abmag of the source catalog objects
used to define the background regions.
The default is to use all source catalog entries that result in a spectrum
falling within the WFSS image.

> 

Reviewer: There's a comment just below this line about "both background methods" that looks a little out of place in the WFSS section -- maybe it should be moved to the more general description for all background methods?

Author: I think it is pertinent to leave it here but I agree that it looks a bit out of place. I moved it at the top, in the general description of the step.
